hey there guys this is why from back
country calm coming to you live from the
wonderful Brighton back country here to
talk about the new Deena Fitz ski called
the Grand Teton Grand Teton is made in
Steve Romeo's memory may he rip in peace
and it is made for all those people out
there who love their all-mountain big
mountain heck you can even take these
things on a ski mountaineering tour and
you'll be good with them the Grand Teton
has a nice and beefy 90 degrees sidewall
so definitely hug those really forcing G
turns that you can make it speed and
they definitely did Steve Romeo right by
building it a nice beach and bamboo core
in there which will keep it light and
springy yet dampen it up little as well
you got a 106 millimeter waist to it and
that's a very versatile waist size for a
lot of the either wind buff POW or maybe
some of the hard pack you're gonna be
looking at and they got carbon stringers
over the core as well so it'll lighten
the ski up yeah give it a little bit of
pop eNOS finally you got a good amount
of tip rocker here so that you can not
only break trail really well but it'll
definitely float above all that powdery
goodness so the Grand Teton is
appropriately named why is that because
you'll be seeing this ski a lot around
that area heck you could even take it
out west do a lot of the prolific tours
in that area make yourself look like a
superstar
it's basically for any all-mountain to
Big Mountain freeride tour individual
who wants to really you know get out
there get versatile with what they're
doing and get into all sorts of
conditions and have a fun time like for
example today we had a lot of wind
buffed conditions a lot of six to
eight-inch just pack down a little bit
harder I'll tell you what the Grand
Teton it definitely floated above all
the bank and gave me all the control I
needed for every single you know descent
situation so if you guys have any
questions on the Deana fit Grand Teton
or anything else
that we've got in our catalog please
don't be afraid to call or chat in our
knowledgeable gearheads will help you
with everything you need to know